13I still can't believe what happened to me.
13December 25th 1999 is a day I will never forget.
13That is the day my mother raped me for the first time.
13(Merry fucking Christmas you bitch!)
13I mean it was just cruel and sick and nasty.
13There is no excuse, no rational explanation for her behavior.
13It wasn't just that she raped me, it was how she did it, the utterly despicable way she went about it.
13I guess I'm getting ahead of myself a little.
13To understand you have to go back a year to the events just before Christmas 1998.
13Let me start at the beginning.
13My dad died when I was 14.
13My mom and I struggled to put ourselves back together.
13For 2 years we leaned on each other for support, because we had nobody else.
13My mom is really young; she had me when she was still in high school.
13In some ways she was more like a big sister or best friend to me than a mom.
13We laughed and played together, had tickle fights, and talked for hours.
13Sometimes she would just hang out in my room and read or watch tv.
13I guess on some level I must have loved her in a romantic way for a long time.
13I just did not KNOW it until I saw her pictures.
13I found a crate in our attic with around 20 old Penthouse magazines.
13Upon closer inspection I realized the centerfold was my mom!
13The date on the mag was about a year after I was born.
13She was the same age then, that I am now.
13As I looked at this beautiful, big titted, blonde teenager, I felt myself get rock hard.
13Page after page of my mom's mouth watering tits, bald pussy, and wicked little smile made me want to fuck her.
13But it was her ass, her fat, plump, juicy, adorable ass that sealed her fate.
13I.
13Had.
13To.
13Have it.
13I fantasized about licking it, sticking my face as far inside it as I could, and just sniffing it, sleeping, warm and safe and secure with my lips pressed against it.
13I wanted to suck her ass-meat, to make her cum and pant and scream my name.
13But most of all I wanted to fuck my mom's sweet ass hard.
13To peel it open and hold her down and pound it, to ram it and rip it open.
13A small part of me wanted to hear her whimper, and sniffle and beg - just a little.
13For a while I became obsessed with Susan.
13I loved her yes, but I also wanted to utterly dominate her.
13I guess I kind of lost control and sort of seduced and pressured my mom into giving up her ass to me, if I agreed not to fuck her pussy.
13At the time I thought that was the greatest night of my life.
13I convinced her to let me take her out for a special dinner at the Paladin Club, and got her drunk.
13We even made out, did a little dirty dancing, and groped each other.
13But when we got home, she refused to have sex with me.
13I had to persuade her, to explain that if she did not give herself to me I would just rape her anyway.
13Finally we made a deal.
13Consensual Anal sex, for a guarantee that I would leave her cunt alone.
13Clearly she did not like it, but she did (reluctantly) agree.
13Susan let me fuck her ass, helped me tear her up.
13Her butt juice was so warm and wet, and tangy.
13She grunted and squealed so prettily, in such a lady-like manner that I fell even deeper in love with my mom.
13That was our first time together, and I thought the beginning of a special, tender love.
13In the months that followed my mother withdrew from me.
13She claimed that I had raped her!
13That our love was not consensual.
13I felt really bad about the misunderstanding, and did everything I could to repair our relationship.
13As 1999 rolled along I thought that I had.
13Boy was I wrong.
13Susan somehow found out about my alter ego, Jaz1701, the rape Author.
13She accessed my WEBTV account and read my e-mails from Readers, and visited the numerous free sites that I post stories to.
13I had written about our true love and how I had fucked her sweet ass during Christmas of 1998.
13I guess the whole issue of rape and incest has been on my mind a lot this year.
13Jaz has written several stories about it.
13I was thinking about my mom the whole time.
13Stories like "Rape Confessional, Rape Betrayal #7, Sister Betrayed, and How Much Do You Love Your Wife" were all inspired by the events in my real life, with mom.
13But when she read them she got really mad.
13So mad that she decided to rape me.
13Let's review, ok I pressured her into having consensual sex.
13She then lies to me, reads my personal e-mail, seduces me, drugs me, dresses me in women's underwear, takes pictures of me, blackmails me, humiliates me - oh yeah and rapes my ass with a giant double headed dildo!
13It's not fair, she is sick!
13I mean shit, what kind of mother would do that to her only child?
13I made mistakes, sure.
13In the heat of the moment, I was over eager, but what I did came from love.
13My mother just wanted to hurt me, she just wanted revenge for my accidental rape of her the previous Christmas.
13The year 2000 did not start well for me.
13Mom was constantly blackmailing me, threatening to mail my friends our special Christmas photos of me in her bra, panties being raped up my hairy ass.
13"John honey, do you mind licking mommy's pussy for her?
13You are such a precious little buttercup angel.
13Do a good job sweetie or your pics will be sent to the entire football team.
13Make me cum hard baby, lick it all up Johnny, your dad would be so proud of you.
13Momma's little rapist is growing up so fast!
13" she laughed as she humped my face and nearly cut off my air supply as she came.
13It was a nightmare.
13Let's be clear: no means no!
13Sex without consent is rape.
13I did not give her consent to do this to me.
13I fucking hated it.
13I was not allowed to fuck her pussy, play with her tits, and certainly her ass was way the fuck off limits.
13She would wag it in front of me, rub it against me - to make sure I knew what I would never have again.
13She thought it was funny to watch me get hard, and the demand that I NOT cum.
13If I did...
13pictures would get mailed.
13It went on for months.
13My mom forgot one thing.
13I was applying to colleges.
13I would be leaving this town next summer.
13As soon as I was accepted, her power over me would be at an end.
13I slowly came to realize that she had no real power over me anyway.
13I mean let's get real.
13She was an adult who had raped her son, repeatedly.
13If I wanted to, she would be going to jail.
13This summer, I began to tape our conversations, our sexual time together.
13"Mom please, don't make me do this anymore, Don't make me lick your pussy.
13This is rape mom.
13I still love you, but this is RAPE.
13Won't you please stop hurting your son, please mom," I declared in between licking and lapping and sucking her to a major orgasm.
13Sometimes her comments would mention that I had raped her first.
13That was of course unacceptable for my purposes, so I taped over it.
13Usually though, when she was close to orgasm she was out of it, demanding, wild - almost vulgar.
13"Shut the fuck up and lick my sticky, stinky, wet little cunt.
13You are mine, and you will pleasure me.
13This is all that you are good for.
13Suck, suck, suck your mommy.
13I think I'll strap on my dildo and rape your sweet little ass when we are done.
13I want to see you bleed a little.
13How does that sound you sick slut," she said, as I recorded the incriminating evidence.
13On November 15th I got a letter in the mail from Penn State.
13I had been accepted on a partial academic scholarship.
13There is one thing about being an only child in a family where people die young.
13You get a lot of insurance money left to you.
13Cars, houses, and even a boat were sold when grandpa, dad, and finally grandma died.
13Stock, bank accounts, etc were all left to me and mom.
13The money was held in trust until I turned 21, but I got a small allowance.
13The money was earning interest.
13I was 17, I only had to hang on until then and while I might not be filthy rich...
13I'd be very, very, comfortable.
13Between my allowance, and part time job a PSU scholarship was all I needed.
13I was free!
13My mom had nothing on me, the power had shifted.
13I could send her to jail by playing my tape anytime I wanted.
13I planned to rub it in her face, to taunt her.
13I ran downstairs to show her my acceptance letter.
13She read it carefully and got an odd look on her face.
13I could swear that her eyes teared up and she let out this breathy, pathetic little gasp.
13"John... are you going to accept?
13Will you be leaving me, moving thousands of miles away from our home?
13Have you thought about how alone you will be?
13We have had our ups and downs especially in the last two years - but do you really want to be completely alone?" she said as she turned and quickly went to her room and locked the door.
13I don't know how to explain how I felt just then.
13I was so ready to hurt her, but when I realized that I had, I got no pleasure from it.
13I had been in love with Susan for so long that even after all she had done to me this year, hurting her; the reality that I had caused her pain, still felt unnatural.
13Mom did not show her face for the rest of the day, and I had plenty of time to run the scene over and over in my mind.
13The next morning there was a knock at my door that woke me up.
13"Can I come in?" a quiet voice said from the hall.
13"Um sure, ok mom." Susan had made us breakfast.
13I was stunned.
13It had been so long since we had done that.
13It used to be our special ritual.
13Some mornings I'd serve her, others she'd feed me in bed.
13We would spend hour laying next to each other, bonding, just catching up.
13It had been more than a year since we had done this.
13Last time I had kind of lost control and fondled her breasts a little.
13I held her in my lap, cupped her perfect breasts and sprayed my cum against her sweet nightie-covered ass.
13She did not say a word to stop me, but that was BEFORE she found out that I am really Jaz, and write rape stories.
13That was long before she started raping me.
13She set the two plates down on my night stand and got into bed next to me.
13She was wearing a black satin nightie.
13Usually she would have a robe on over it, but not this morning.
13We talked for a while and watched TV as we ate.
13It felt good to have her warm body next to mine.
13Familiar memories flooded me, and I wanted to reach out to her, to hold her close to me.
13When we finished eating, she got really quiet and then asked me to turn off the TV.
13"John, this was really nice sharing time with you again.
13I guess I have to savor these moments, if you are moving out, and leaving me all alone.
13I always knew you would move out some day... but not 2,500 miles away!
13We'll never see each other," she said as she began to cry softly.
13This was insane.
13I thought my mom hated me, despised me.
13She was acting like the woman I loved again instead of the evil, bitch I had been living with since Christmas.
13This was MY Susan, my sexy, tender, lover.
13I was very confused.
13Before I could formulate a response she spoke again.
13"John, I'm a little emotional right now.
13Would it be ok if I snuggled up against you for a little while.
13I think I need to be held." "Um ok, sure mom." 
13She wiggled and snuggled her ass against my crotch until it got good and hard.
13When she felt it poking her, she gave a contented sigh, I had my arms around her waist at first but slowly they crept up to her tits and cupped them and squeezed them lightly.
13My fingers played with her nipples, lazily tracing circles until she fell asleep.
13My cock was throbbing, pulsing hard as it nestled against my mom's silk covered ass.
13I could not help squeezing her juicy bottom a little.
13I pulled my dick out of my briefs and used her nightie as a condom.
13I wedged the material deep in her perfect little crack.
13Then slowly, as she slept, I slipped my dick inside the ass I loved so much.
13It was not rape cuz she did not say no, and I was not actually touching her skin.
13I did pull the straps off her shoulder so I could feel her breasts better.
13When my hands were full I began humping my Susan's ass hard.
13I could feel her clamping down on my dick.
13The nightie prevented me from getting in very deep but it was enough.
13The feel of silk on my cock, combined with the friction and warmth of her unbelievable ass, was forcing me to a major explosion.
13I tried to hold it off but it had been two years since I had felt my dick in her ass, in anyone's ass and I slowly lost it.
13I shot blast after sticky wet, spunk blast up her ass, on her night gown.
13I left my cock inside of my mother.
13My hands were still wrapped protectively around her tits as I closed my eyes.
13I must have drifted off for awhile cuz I awoke to the sounds of my mom mumbling in her sleep.
13I was about to wake her up when I caught the words she was saying.
13And my life changed forever.
13Again.
13"No, I can't fuck him, he's my son!
13It is wrong.
13Only you Ron, I can only love you.
13Oh god, he's leaving me too.
13I'll be all alone now.
13He hates me, he hates me... and I love him.
13I need him, he can't leave me..." her voice trailed off into a mumble.
13But I had heard enough.
13She loves me.
13Somehow after all that had happened - she loves me.
13And I love her.
13I pulled my dick out of her ass and wiped the sperm load up as best I could, smearing it on her tits and in her hair.
13For some reason I wanted to leave my mark on her, to brand her as my woman.
13I began sucking, slurping, nibbling on the back of her neck hard, until I was sure I would leave a nice hickey.
13Just a private little inside joke between us, nobody else would ever know.
13In fact chances were, she would not know either.
13(When was the last time you saw the back of YOUR neck?)
13I then kissed her softly and spooned her tight against me, and went back to sleep.
13Christmas was almost here and my relationship with my mom had improved dramatically.
13She had not forced me to lick her or raped my ass since our breakfast together.
13We spent quality time with each other again.
13Twice I came home from school and found her sleeping in my bed, wearing one of my football jerseys (and as far as I can tell nothing else).
13My mom was making a conscious effort to be my best friend again, and believe me I appreciated it.
13If I had to I could settle for that.
13But I was expecting her to admit her love for me, to finally surrender to me as a lover.
13She would not, perhaps could not do it.
13Friendship, and familial love are important, nice even...
13but the thing is she is more than just a friend, or a mom to me.
13I have (according to her) raped her, fucked her ass, cum in her mouth, licked her sweet pussy, tasted her juices, fondled her tits, and been brutally raped by her.
13I don't know how to explain it, other than to say we should both hate each other.
13We should be terrified to be in the same room together.
13Somehow though we are still in love.
13I know if it was any other woman I would hate her, I would be afraid of her.
13But it is my mom, we are family.
13Deep down, I know that she gave me life.
13There is a tremendous capacity for forgiveness between a mother and son.
13Think about it, what could you do that would make YOUR mom hate you forever?
13There are convicts on death row.
13Vicious, baby killing rapists, who the whole world hates.
13Priests, teachers, ex friends and lovers despise them - but one person is there, visiting when she can.
13One person will beg the jury not to kill him, to sentence him to life instead: MOM.
13I came to realize that I really had raped my mother 2 years ago (although I did not think so at the time).
13That must have really hurt her feelings.
13She had tried to forgive me but when she learned that I was "Jaz", that I had written about her humiliation, well I guess she just snapped.
13When she raped me last year it was part revenge, sure.
13It was also part discipline.
13She taught me that as big and strong as I am, I could still be drugged, butt-fucked, humiliated and blackmailed.
13My tears and pleas for help could be ignored too.
13I could be hurt just as bad as I hurt my mom.
13In a weird way it made me a better person, a better man.
13I know that my actions do have consequences.
13I have seen both sides of the coin: Rapist and Rape victim.
13The lesson was learned, our slate was clean.
13The story could have ended there.
13I should have let it go right there.
13The thing is, I still loved her.
13I had to take a chance, to tell her how I felt, to show her that I wanted her.
13My mother had a mental block.
13She simply could not accept that she was in love with me, that she wanted me.
13I would need to shock some sense into her, to force her to accept the truth.
13It seems I would have no choice but to rape her one last time to get her attention, to earn the right to love her.
13Considering our recent family tradition, I decided to do her on Christmas day.
13I also would continue the practice of sending the story to OnlineStories, Mr.Double and Kristen (Duh Jaz, they are reading it right now).
13It seemed only right, since you had all been there at the beginning, to let you know how our story ends.
13I also wanted my mom to know exactly why I had raped her again.
13It was not out of greedy lust like the first time.
13It was not because of revenge, like when she raped me.
13No I was raping her sweet pussy because I loved her, and needed her to love me too.
13We spent Christmas Eve together.
13It was snowing so I dared her to come outside and have a snowball fight with me.
13My mom has a hard time not accepting a dare.
13Soon we were flinging white balls of icy destruction at each other, laughing and having a blast.
13Then she crossed the line and shoved a ball down my shirt.
13Her eyes got big and she tried to run away.
13She did not get far.
13I tackled her on our front lawn.
13"John, John I am sorry, I did not mean to do it, but you look so cute," she giggled madly in anticipation of my reprisal.
13I straddled her waist and opened her coat, then I pulled her sweater up to her neck exposing her fat, beautiful tits.
13"Oh god no, John what are you doing, let me up this instant.
13People can see us," she hissed in despair.
13I grabbed two handfuls of snow and packed it around each of her breasts.
13"You are going to stay right here until it melts.
13Naughty little girls like you have to be punished," I said as I stretched her arms above her head.
13I then began tickling her mercilessly.
13Susan was laughing, crying, struggling desperately to throw me off.
13She kept thrusting her hips into me and of course I got hard.
13It was not long before it became clear that she was fucking herself off.
13Our crotches were grinding into each other.
13"Here, let me get some of this snow off you, I don't want you to get frostbite," I said as I squeezed and flicked her breasts and nipples while slowly removing the snow, and mashing my hard cock into her.
13I felt Susan buck hard against me and let out a low groan.
13Her face blushed and I knew she had cum, about 3 seconds later, I joined her.
13I helped mom up and pulled her sweater down.
13I then gave her a tight hug and said, "I love you Susan." 
13She did not say a word but smiled briefly and went back inside.
13We decided to eat out, it just doesn't make sense to cook a huge meal for two people.
13Mom let me pick the restaurant.
13She should have known better.
13She came downstairs wearing a shimmering black evening dress, and high heeled shoes that made her 6" tall.
13How can any woman look so breathtakingly beautiful.
13I must have had a pretty dorky look on my face cuz she gave this dainty little giggle and said, "Do you like it?
13" I reached down lifted her under her arms and raised her to my face.
13"I love you mom, you are incredibly sexy, and any man would be honored to be your date.
13I'm glad you chose me," I said and then kissed her softly on each cheek before licking her lips once and setting her back down.
13I was a little disappointed she was not wearing the necklace I had given her.
13I guess the inscription still made her a little uncomfortable.
13I escorted Susan to the car and we went to the Paladin Club.
13The Paladin Club is the most exclusive nightclub in town.
13It has a killer Jazz band, and 5 star French/Italian cuisine.
13My mom and I have been there twice before.
13The first time was the Christmas Eve that I raped her.
13The second time was a few months later on Valentine's day.
13There is no way she could miss the symbolism.
13To me the Paladin Club is a place where my mom has always been forced to deal with me as an adult, as a man, as something other than her son.
13It is special, it is OUR place.
13"Oh John, no.
13Why did you bring us here, TONIGHT, of all nights!
13I can't eat with you here." 
13"Mom calm down, it is a classy restaurant, that we both enjoy.
13I just want to have a pleasant meal with you, maybe dance a little, is that so wrong?
13We've been through a lot in the past two years but this place still has good memories for me.
13If you can't handle it, if it is too much for you..." 
13"No, I guess I am just being silly.
13Let's go inside and have fun.
13Lord knows when or IF we will ever do this again." 
13It was perfect.
13Mom and I both decided not to drink.
13I wanted her sober tonight, no excuses, from either one of us.
13I had chicken alfredo in a mushroom cream sauce.
13Susan had roasted garlic shrimp with a petit N.Y. strip steak.
13I asked her to dance before and after our meal.
13It was so romantic.
13We fit snugly against each other.
13No groping or grabbing, just a tender, lover's embrace.
13I enjoyed having her breasts press into me, having her head rest on my shoulder.
13Susan was snug and secure in my arms where she belonged.
13This was my woman, and I was taking her home to fuck her, to make love to her.
13We were both quiet all the way home, enjoying each other's company and our private thoughts, and fantasies.
13I would finally fuck my mother's warm, wet pussy.
13My father had died 4 years ago, and while I had made love to her ass, cum in her mouth, fondled her tits and licked her slit - no man had been allowed to fuck her sweet Pussy.
13My father was her first, last, and only cuntmaster.
13That changed tonight.
13"John, thank you.
13I had a wonderful time.
13I was afraid we would never be able to trust each other like this again, after all that has happened.
13I'm tired.
13Do you mind if we open our presents in the morning?" 
13"No mom, I'll see you in the morning, goodnight." 
13At 12:01 Christmas morning I knocked on my mother's door, wearing only a pair of boxers.
13"Come in." 
13"Mom, I can't sleep would you mind if I get in bed with you?
13She was wearing a baby doll semi-see through nightie, and was embarrassed to let me in bed with her.
13However she remembered how I had let her sleep with me when she needed to.
13"Sure John, it's a big bed," she said in an uncertain tone.
13"Mom, would you mind if I snuggle a little with you.
13I just feel kind of sad tonight, I need you close to me."
13I said; without waiting for an answer I pulled her tight against me.
13I kept grinding my crotch into her ass trying to get comfortable.
13My hands crept up to her breasts and began playing with them, lazily at first.
13"John... JOHN what are you doing?
13Stop that and go to sleep."
13But I could not stop.
13I pulled her nightie up and wet my finger.
13I then stuck it into her slightly moist pussy.
13"John listen to me, stop right now.
13This has to stop.
13You are my son, and we can't do this.
13Please John don't do this to me."
13I did stop then and sat up next to her.
13I pulled her into my lap and cupped her breasts in my hands while licking her ear.
13"Susan honey, we need to talk, we need to finish this.
13I told you a long time ago that I love you, that I need you.
13I want to possess you utterly.
13I want you to give me your body, to make love to me.
13I have a tape mom.
13A tape of you raping me.
13I could blackmail you, send you to jail.
13But that does not get me what I want.
13I don't just want you on Christmas, I don't want stolen kisses, or the occasional snuggle.
13I want you to want me.
13To be hot and wild and passionate, and completely in love with me.
13I want to have the right to grab you and fuck you anytime I want, just like dad did.
13I want to wake up to find you sucking on my cock just because you feel like it.
13Mom can you honestly say you don't want that too?
13Can you honestly say that you can bear to have me walk out of your life forever?
13Because that is what I would have to do.
13You are the woman I love, the only woman I have ever made love to.
13If I can't have you, I will have to go.
13If I am near you, I have to fuck you.
13It is as simple as that," I said as I wrote my name on her breasts with my finger.
13She was crying now, and I could smell her juices beginning to boil and drip out her pussy.
13She laid back against my chest and I wrapped her in my arms.
13"I don't want to lose you, I, I know that you are more than just a son to me.
13I am so scared though.
13Wanting you this way is wrong.
13I am your mother.
13I should not let you play with my tits, I should not want you to lick my pussy, or need you to fuck my ass but for some sick reason I do.
13I know I can't allow you to fuck me, I can't let you put that big slab of cock-meat inside me.
13If I do that, there is no turning back, you will own me.
13I will become addicted to your dick.
13Oh god, what am I going to do.
13I love you John, but it is still wrong!" 
13We laid that way for a long time, just holding on to each other.
13My hard on was peeking up between her thighs.
13Finally I came up with a solution.
13"Mom I understand that our relationship is not normal, but it is not WRONG either.
13Making love to you could never be wrong.
13I love you and I want to show you how much.
13Susan, it's Christmas.
13Let me have you this one time.
13Make love to me, be greedy, teach me how to please you.
13Make me fuck you right.
13We owe it to ourselves to try it at least once.
13You are All I want for Christmas, all I have ever wanted."
13Susan was quiet for a few seconds and then she slowly nodded her head.
13Her hands were trembling as she smiled up at me and said yes.
13I was so happy, that I crushed her against me and said over and over, "I love you baby, I am going to be so good to you, I love you mom," while kissing and hugging her.
13Our kisses slowly began to deepen, she was on top of me straddling my waist.
13Her breasts were brushing against my chest and my cock was laying against her ass.
13I was licking her lips, sucking on them when her pretty, pink little tongue flicked out to meet mine.
13I sucked her into my mouth and we both let out a little sigh of happiness.
13Susan began crawling down my stomach, stopping briefly to lick my belly button clean.
13Then she began playing with my cock, rubbing it against her face, eyes, nose, sniffing and then licking and sucking it into her mouth.
13It was amazing to watch.
13My mother was overcome by a wave of pure dick-lust as she began to swallow my cock.
13I don't know how big my dad's cock was, but he must have been my size or bigger, cuz my mom swallowed my fat 8 incher like an old pro.
13She kept looking me right in the eye, with this wicked little grin on her face, daring me to fuck her properly.
13I did.
13I began to ram it down her throat, we established a good rhythm.
13She breathed through her nose and every 20 seconds or so I would pull out and let her lick and massage my knob (and breathe), before plunging back in.
13"Cum on my face baby, cum all over your mother's face," she said between slurps, and squeezes and soft, slow, sucks.
13I could not help it, she was sucking the sperm right out of me.
13I grabbed Susan's head and pulled it tight against my crotch.
13I held her in place as I powerfucked her throat.
13Precum was bubbling out of me and I could hear it gurgling in her mouth.
13My balls were twitching and jerking hard now and I felt the sperm swimming their way to the head of my cock.
13"You want my sperm mom, you want some stinky-sticky?
13Take it you beautiful little slut, take your son's cum!"
13I bellowed as I shot the first load down her throat.
13I remembered that she wanted some on her face too; so I pulled out and pressed my spurting cock against her nostril and shot it up her nose.
13I had one or two dribbles left so I placed my cock on each of her eyelids and let er rip.
13Mom was a little surprised...
13but she did not complain.
13I don't know if I can explain how sexy my mom looked.
13My cum was in her belly, a little drop was hanging from the corner of her mouth.
13Her nose was dripping my cum, and her eyes were crusting over with it.
13(Guys try it with your girlfriend tonight, it is fucking amazing!) 
13I wanted to rest for a few minutes, but I could not.
13My mom was obviously very horny and it would not have been polite to leave her hanging.
13We switched positions and I settled in for a long, slow lick.
13I may not have a lot of experience in some aspects of sex.
13Technically I am still a virgin, I guess, since mom has never let me fuck her pussy.
13But I do know how to suck her good.
13For several months she forced me to pleasure her pussy under threat of anal rape and blackmail.
13Trust me, it is an excellent motivational tool!
13I have licked my mom to dozens of multiple orgasms.
13I started slow, spending time at each of her breasts.
13I love the way they feel in my hands, so warm and full.
13Her skin tastes so fucking sweet.
13I licked and nibbled on her nipple-meat for a long time.
13Her cute little whimpers and squirming made me chuckle.
13I moved down to her belly button and decided to teach her a lesson for doing this to me earlier.
13My mother is very ticklish.
13If you go too fast, too soon, it is just annoying.
13If you go too slow it has no affect.
13But if you can time it right, make adjustments as you go...
13the belly button can be an extremely sensitive, sensual zone.
13I enjoy licking around the outside, slowly sucking the nub of her outie.
13The feel of her flat little belly clenching up, tensing up as I explored her.
13I could smell her juicing up, her pussy scent was filling the bed.
13Suddenly she began to shake a little, and her hands grabbed my arms, as she grunted loudly, and she came.
13I had not even reached her pussy yet!
13That had never happened before.
13It wasn't the largest, or longest orgasm I had ever given her but it caught us both by surprise.
13I wanted to see if I could trigger multiple, non vaginal orgasms.
13"Mom roll over, I want to play with your ass for awhile, " I ordered her in a deceptively calm voice.
13"John be careful.
13You have to go slowly back there, or you will hurt me," she said as she reluctantly obeyed me.
13It had been so long since I had been allowed to worship her ass properly.
13I pulled her meaty cheeks apart and held them open, just staring.
13I felt my mouth begin to water at the sight.
13I needed a taste so bad.
13I started licking up and down the length of her ass.
13when it was good and wet I blew a cold blast of air in her juicy little buns.
13She squealed like a little girl on Christmas morning (hmm come to think of it...)
13I was really munching on her butt now, nibbling and sucking on the inside of each cheek.
13Finally I could stand it no longer and my tongue circled the rim of her anus.
13I spread her as wide as I could and sunk my tongue inside of her asshole.
13I was tickling her insides, filling them with drool and sweat.
13It was time.
13"Are you ready baby, can I put it inside of you now?" 
13Mom sighed, and said, "You are so much like your father.
13He always loved my ass.
13Go ahead John, enjoy yourself."
13Mom stuck that sweet ass high in the air, and reached back to hold it open for me.
13That was all the invitation I needed.
13I pressed my cock against my favorite hole.
13"Oh god, John you have gotten a lot bigger since last time.
13Slow down, or you'll rip me apart.
13That's it, ease it in.
13Oh god you are filling me up, my little ass is full of your diCK, your priCK, your coCK.
13FuCK, FuCK, FuCK me John.
13Do it, do it now!" she shrieked as I began to pick up the pace.
13Soon I was fucking her in earnest, slamming her asshole, pulling her hips hard against me, as I rammed into my mom.
13I did not want to hurt her but she was so tight, so deliciously tight.
13It had been a long time for her.
13Two years since I had last done it and well over 4 years since she had received regular fucking from my dad.
13She was ripe, and sweet and ready.
13I reached around her front and dipped a finger in her juicy, wet slit before finding her clit stub.
13As soon as I touched it she went off, rocking herself back, brutally impaling her ass on my beefy cock.
13"That's it, that's fucking it!
13Right there, fuck my ass you little mommy fucker, FUCK IT!
13" she roared, as she shook that incredible ass of hers wildly, and came with abandon, dripping and oozing thick fuck fluid on my thighs.
13I cupped her cunt and caught as much of it as I could, rubbing her cunt, and clit, coaxing her to another orgasm.
13I took my handful of mommy juice and smeared it on my face, licking every drop of her essence.
13By now I was rock hard and ready to cum myself - but I was afraid to.
13Generally I can cum 3 times in a day.
13I had cum once outside in the snow, when I played with her tits on our front lawn.
13The second time was when she sucked my cock a few minutes ago.
13If I let loose now, I might not have enough mojo left to fuck her tender little pussy.
13I know guys in these kind of stories can usually fuck 3, 4, 5 times in rapid succession, but sorry, I can't.
13This is not fantasy, it's reality.
13It would be really embarrassing if mom offers that fresh, practically virgin pussy to me, and I have to pass!
13So I concentrated on pleasing her, on bringing her back to full arousal; while I calmed down.
13I rolled us over so she was on top, and began tenderly kissing my sweet Susan.
13My hands massaged her back and ass, as my dick bounced around with a life of it's own just outside her vagina.
13If you have never had a naked penthouse centerfold in your arms you don't know what you have been missing.
13It was time.
13"Mom, can I fuck you now, can your son fuck you sweet pussy please.
13Oh god I need you so bad.
13Give it to me, give me everything, be my woman forever.
13I love you mom, and I want it all," I said as I traced her pussy lips with my index finger.
13"Ok, ok, I think we have to, I need it too.
13Go ahead and fuck me, pound it into me...
13only John you have to pull out.
13Don't cum inside of me, I'll suck your load, or you can cum on my tits.
13Neither one of us wants me to get pregnant, right?
13So remember you have to pull out."
13I could have let that go, she was giving me almost everything I wanted.
13I finally had permission to suck her tits, cum in her ass, and fuck her pussy.
13What more could any son want?
13Here is the thing though.
13A man in an intimate, loving relationship is allowed to cum in his woman's cunt.
13For my mother to say that I could not was an indication that she still was holding something back from me.
13That was unacceptable.
13"Mom, I AM going to cum inside of you.
13I MAY even make you pregnant.
13That's just a risk we will have to take.
13I promise that I will be there for you, and we will decide together what to do if it happens.
13I love you Susan, and you belong to me.
13I WILL fuck you and I will CUM deep inside your sweet pussy.
13Now give me a kiss and then stuff my cock in your cunt, and get ready to be fucked." 
13Susan did not move for a long time.
13She seemed to be stunned by the idea of complete and total consensual sex with her son.
13This would be the end of her marriage vows.
13My dad's death had not broken her commitment to him, only my cock entering her willing pussy could do that.
13Slowly she laid on her back and spread her legs wide for me.
13She guided my cock to the entrance of her vagina eased me into her sopping wet, hole.
13The first time I thrust forward, I got half my cock inside.
13She let out a little gasp of pain, so I stopped and let her get used to it.
13Suddenly she took a deep breath, thrust her pelvis up and the rest of my cock slid home.
13I did not move at first.
13It was so warm at my mother's center, I felt like she was burning up with fever.
13Sweat was glistening on her skin, I reached down and grabbed one of her jutting breasts and began to weigh it, cup it, roll it in my hands.
13I started kissing her wildly as I began to establish a slow rhythm inside of her.
13In, out pause, thrust, slam.
13Repeat.
13Repeat.
13Susan, I'm fucking your sweet Pussy.
13I own it, and I will fuck you forever.
13Do, ugh, you mmm, like this cock,?
13Argggh!
13Making a baby with my baby, making a baby in my mommy!
13Take it, take it all!"
13I screamed as I flooded Susan's pussy with my hot, sticky sperm.
13I was about half way through when I felt her clamping down on me, panting and groaning in despair, in exhilaration, in sheer and utter exultation.
13Finally we were both sweaty and wet, and spent.
13Susan rested for a few minutes, and then was going to the bathroom to clean up a little, but I would not let her.
13I wrapped my arms around her and pressed my dick tight against her bottom.
13"Time enough for clean up later.
13I love you, and I want you to baste in our juices.
13Besides what's the point in cleaning up when I am going to fuck you dirty again as soon as I rest up a little," I laughed as I hugged my mother tight, held her close and declared my love to her.
13She was quiet for a time and then she kissed me deeply, and said, "I love you too John.
13I belong to you now.
13I admit it, I have to.
13I am still your mother, I will always be your friend, but I am your lover now.
13One day I know you will want someone else, someone younger, shh, listen to me.
13It will happen one day, and that is ok, but for now we have each other.
13Until that day I am your wife, and I will never take this off," she said as she reached into her night stand and pulled out the gold and emerald necklace I had given her 2 years ago, and fastened it around her neck.
13The inscription said: " Susan I love you.
13You are mine forever, body and soul, John." 
13Well that is our story.
13It is 9:30pm Christmas Night and I am getting ready to ask Varod to do a final proof before posting it to OnlineStories.
13I'll probably copy Mr.
13Double, Literotica, Soren and Kristen's sites as well as well.
13Obviously our story is not really over.
13I don't know how it will turn out.
13I just know I love a woman who happens to be my mother.
13We have caused each other a lot of pain in the past.
13I am looking forward to giving her some pleasure for a change.
13She deserves it.
13And so do I.
